# DesigningAndConductingAnEEGStudy
This repository is meant to provide code and plots that were generated for a term paper based on the university course Designing and Conducting an EEG study. Because the files were too large to upload them on github, a myshare link was provided.

# The paper 
Based on EEG data published in the paper [1], the data from 3 AD patients and 3 healthy controls were analyzed hypothesis driven. It was investigated whether the alpha frequency band power is reduced and the theta frequency band power is increased in the AD patient group. The hypothesis effects could be observed, also a correlation with a cognitive decline for the alpha frequency band power reduction, however not for the theta band power. The second hypothesis could also be supported since a change in the connectivity pattern of the AD group in selected channel pairs was evident. Namely, the coherence of the channel pairs was reduced for the AD group. However, for the AD group, no coherence increase of channel pairs could be reported. It was revealed that frequency band power and connectivity pattern can serve as an indicator, however are not sufficient for a diagnosis. More factors have to be included for the individual, like more biomarkers, behavior, excluding other neurogenerative illnesses, or more neural imaging procedures. In order to make reproduction easily possible, you can find a link containing code,
data files and figures here https://myshare.uni-osnabrueck.de/d/b96df5073caf48019d1a/.
